Master, are you alright?
Grandpa, are you hurt grandpa?
I'm fine.
Grandpa, why did you pounce just now?
It's too dangerous.
I'm not hurt.
Let's go! Help me!
What are you doing daddy kill me
Go to the hospital
Level enough
Brother Xu, you block the gun for your rival in love
Are you out of your mind?
You don't really think I'm blocking the gun for that new thing, do you?
Isn't it?
Go find some bodyguards and complete the reserve
Don't let him have a gap
Got it, you still don't want him to know who you are
News just came from the clubhouse.
The killer has been caught
Put the gun on that surveillance
Cut it out and send it. Okay.
Then you do the surgery first
Don't talk